Forgetting to title interstellar spacecrafts...
Seeing the manonam chart with the random zig zag...
Manifesting Destiny... straight into the ground...
"Where we're going, we won't want wings."
Loading YouSpinMeRightRound.mp3...
Removing the Stock Planets...
Siphoning Mesbin's Atmosphere...
Spinning up Mesbin...
Tidally locking Statmun...
Setting up orbital resonances...
Undestabilizing 2 Wolda...
Numbering minor planets...
"Now with more Δv!"
Helping Manonam decide, I Palindrome I...
Blessing the rains up on Totoöa...
Taking on Dakkonme...
Scrambing Tylo and Laythe's names...
Heating up Yalthe...
Programming Kaputnik Mk0 Electromechanical Program Executor...
Rewiring Tech Tree...
Fending off snail attack...
Holding LGBTQ+ Pride Celebration on Gaymun... Adding "r" to Graymun...
Laying easter eggs...
Colonizing Mesbin...
Retconning realism...
Breaking ground at the Mesbin Space Probe Complex...
Making history with the first Graymun landing...
Cooking Cavern Goo™...
Protip: Build orbital fuel infrastructure!
Putting Imterril in the kettle...
Switching Navball speedometer to "Orbit" setting...
Taming the Wolfhound...
DAG NABBIT SQUAAAAAD!
"Stay put, nick."
Capturing Gememma into Kaywell orbit...
Space is hard.
Shooting at Statmun with a Shotgun...
Removing Fasteroid...
Redesigning Mesbin...
Redesigning Mesbin (again)...
Redesigning Mesbin (yet another time)...
Joining the Interstellar Consortium...
Crashing into Mesbin...
Help I'm stuck in a loading tip factory...
Swapping Homeworlds...
Catching everything on fire.
Fingertips! Fingertips! Fingertips!
...fingertiiiiippppsssss...
Separating Lowel and Ollym...
Discovering Lowel...
Projecting Percival's retina onto Lowel...
Playing for a Fortnight...
Wrecking your car...
Demoting Pragnik...
Searching for minor planets...
Revolutionizing Science...
Compressing styrofoam asteroids...
Throwing Cave Cheese into Kaywell...
Locating Barlennan...
Writing up Contract of Gravity in Mission Control...
"It's important you know the gravity of the situation, but don't forget the centrifuge of the situation!"
Waiting a Thousand Years...
Removing Shol's moon...
Stocking volatiles on 1P/Fophie...
Going to the Cline Observatory, be back in a few hours...
Predicting space weather...
Conjoining Mandrake and Rutherford Kerman...
Hoping Kaywell gets old before it dies...
"Mandrake and Rutherford Might Be Giants, but Shol, Reander, and Tyepolbynar definitely are."
"It's pronounced taɪ'ɛ'pɑːlbaɪnær"
Tying Polbynar.
"Today's forecast: Clear with a chance of falling rocks"
Egad a base tone denotes a bad age.
Donating to Luna's ko-fi...
Forgetting parachutes... it's fine though...
Installing D.I.Y. orbital refueling infrastructure...